<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
      xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets">
  
         <ui:composition template="/template/common.xhtml">
        
        <ui:define name="content">
            <div style="background-color: snow;"> 
            <div style="background-color: deepskyblue; padding: 10px;">
                UNDERGRADUATE ADMISSION REQUIREMENTS
            </div>
            <div style="border: 5px;  text-align: left;" >   <b><u> The minimum qualification for admission into an undergraduate program is: </u></b><br></br>
          1.  A minimum GPA of 2.5/2nd division/equivalent grade in SSC and HSC or equivalent public examinations. <br></br>Students with GPA 2.00 in any examination either SSC or HSC, <br></br>however, must have a minimum GPA of 6.00 totalling the GPA of both the examinations.<br></br><br></br>
2. O-level students must have completed a minimum of 5 subjects with Average Grade Point of 2.50 <br></br>or above and A-level students a minimum of 2 subjects with Average Grade Point of 2.00 <br></br>or above (scale A=5, B=4, C=3, D=2, E=1)<br></br><br></br>
3. For admission to BSEEE/CSE programs, students must have had Physics and Mathematics in HSC/A-Level or equivalent level.<br></br><br></br>
4. The students, who are sons/daughters of freedom fighters, <br></br>will be eligible for getting admission if they have a minimum GPA of 5.00 totalling <br></br>the GPA of SSC and HSC Examinations. Such students, <br></br>however, have to submit the copy of authenticated Certificate as <br></br>the proof of his/her father/mother’s identity as a freedom fighter.
           <br></br>
                
            </div>
         
            
            <div style="background-color: deepskyblue; padding: 10px;">
                   GRADUATE ADMISSION REQUIREMENTS
            </div>
            <br></br>
            <div style="border: 5px;">
                <b> <u> The minimum qualification for admission into a graduate program is: </u></b> <br></br><br></br>
               
               1.  A relevant undergraduate degree from a recognized university with a GPA of 2.00 or above in a scale of 4.0<br></br><br></br>
2. A relevant Bachelor Degree with at least second divisions/classes in all previous exams.<br></br><br></br>
3. Students completing undergraduate programs from UIU having a minimum CGPA of 2.00 will be eligible<br></br> to get admission to any graduate programs without appearing at the Admission Test.            
             <br></br>   4. Different departments may have some additional requirements.<br></br>
5. Some students may be required to complete some additional preparatory courses at<br></br> UIU before they start their Master’s programs.
            </div>
            
            
            
            
            </div>
        </ui:define>
        
    </ui:composition>
</html>

